[Music]
love is patient love is kind love is not
rude it doesn't boast love also if it
gets wrong how I do it's been hard
hasn't it
let go of a prayer for you are you doing
with it
okay just a sweet word you know it's
okay if you're not table is prepared for
I'm trying to give you the tools to
succeed in this world is not easy out
there
everything I do is fear
everything I know you're under a lot of
press right now but I'm just getting
really scared
sure leverage please come
everything's gonna be okay all right
we're in this together
[Music]
[Applause]
can you look at me I'm the one who's
trying to hold this family together
[Music]
lord knows I've held on to way too much
hate in my life
all we have is not
all we have is now
[Music]
you